Docs: New landing page design (#966)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/properties/broker-properties.adoc

---

=== crash_loop_sleep_sec

*Introduced in v24.3.4*

> The amount of time the broker sleeps before terminating when the limit on consecutive broker crashes (<<crash_loop_limit, `crash_loop_limit`>>) is reached. This property provides a debugging window for you to access the broker before it terminates, particularly useful in Kubernetes environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of time the broker sleeps before terminating when the limit on consecutive broker crashes (<<crash_loop_limit, `crash_loop_limit`>>) is reached. This property provides a debugging window for you to access the broker before it terminates, and is particularly useful in Kubernetes environments.
```

If `null`, the property is disabled, and the broker terminates immediately after reaching the crash loop limit.

> This setting does not affect the reset of the crash-tracking logic. The conditions for resetting remain the same as those specified for `crash_loop_limit`.

Reviewer 2: The reason why I wouldn't phrase this as "does not affect the reset of the crash-tracking logic" is because if you change any broker property (including this one) then crash loop tracking is reset. Maybe this would make sense instead?
```suggestion
For information about how to reset the crash loop limit, see `crash_loop_limit`.
```
